1. Sensing Layer Efficiency:

Our project utilizes HTS221 sensor for humidity and temperature data collecting, LPS22HB sensor for pressure data collecting
and we also simulated air quality data collecting using random value generator. 
The projects sensing layer appears to be efficient in terms of capturing environmental data using the different sensors, and 
the efficiency of this layer depends on the accuracy and reliability of those sensors and the data produced by them.
The efficiency can be affected by precision, calibration, and environmental conditions of the sensors.

2. Networking Layer Efficiency: 

Our networking layer uses the LoRaWAN protocol to transmit data to TTN (The Things Network) and then forwards it to AWS using MQTT.
Networking layer efficiency depends on the chosen data rate, which is set DR5 in our case and the data sending function is timed to 
sleep for 20 seconds between each message, this affects the energy efficiency positively.

3. Resilience in Wireless Network:

The design is made to handle sensor initialization, sensor readings and unsuccessful message transmissions errors.
However, it doesn't address data loss during packet collisions or other events in the wireless network.

4. Data Management Layer Efficiency:

The data management layer works by sending JSON-formatted data to TTN from iot-lab, which is then forwarded to AWS and stored in DynamoDB.
The efficiency of the management layer depends on how often the data is transmitted, the size of the payloads, and the clouds processing capabilities.

5. Data Reliability and Calibration:

The data reliability depens on many things but most important is the accuracy and calibration of the sensors. The code doesn't include any 
calibration checks or correction mechanisms if the calibration is bad. 

In summary our project demonstrates working end-to-end IoT system, further improvement on handling issues on network, data loss and calibration
changes would improve the reliabilyty of the project.
